[Music]
ten unusual car tricks no driver should
miss a lot of car problems can be solved
with a little creativity these car hacks
are clever easy and efficient and they
can save you from a tight spot keep on
watching to learn why having kitty
litter in your car can be so convenient
and how you can use household items like
coke and socks to get your car and
tip-top shape as always don't forget to
click the subscribe button and turn on
notifications to join us on the bright
side of life
[Music]
number 10 use a rubber band to hold up
your phone if you know you need to use
your phone's GPS but don't have a holder
you can quickly create a makeshift one
with items lying around your house
you'll need a tight thick rubber band
and a large paperclip start by threading
the rubber bands through the AC vent you
can use the paperclip to pull the band
back out so that only the middle part of
the rubber band is out of sight finally
place the rubber band around your phone
the band will be tight enough that the
phone won't slide off and you'll be
ready to go
[Music]
number 9 use a foam noodle to save your
car from dents if you have a small
garage or one that doubles as a storage
room with not much available space when
you park and open your car door you
might accidentally slam it on the wall
an easy solution is to purchase a foam
noodle like the ones used in pools and
cut it in half lengthwise mark the place
where your car door usually meets the
wall and then glue or nail the foam
noodle to that spot since the noodle is
so light it doesn't need more than a few
nails to stay up this will save your car
from scratches and dents
[Music]
number eight use toothpaste for
headlights if you want your car to make
a good impression
taking care of your headlights is vital
headlights made from polycarbonate or
plastic can get a distinct cloudiness
that soap can't easily remove thankfully
toothpaste can do the job start by
cleaning the headlights with soap and
water
if this doesn't remove the fogginess put
toothpaste all over the headlight and
rub it with a cloth you'll need to put
some real elbow grease into it then
rinse with water and let it air dry your
headlights should now be spotless and
bright number seven prevent foggy
windows with cat litter trying to clear
up foggy windows can take precious time
from your morning routine and driving
with them can be dangerous an easy trick
is to fill a sock with cat litter and
leave it in your car overnight the
litter will absorb the moisture inside
the car and your windows will be
completely clear by morning for the best
results use silica cat litter if you
aren't the proud owner of a cat you can
always try an anti fog spray on the
windows which will save you time every
day
[Music]
number six make an easy deai sir
not everyone has a garage to keep the
snow off their cars if you wish there
was a simpler way to remove the frost
from your car one that doesn't involve
you scraping off the ice while freezing
or buying a DI sir here's what you can
do for a quick and easy solution fill a
spray bottle with two parts rubbing
alcohol and one part water and then
spray liberally on the windshields just
make sure the solution doesn't touch
your car's paint now simply watch the
ice melt off while you warm up inside
the car number five remove rust with
coke coca-cola isn't just one of the
world's most popular soda it contains a
low amount of phosphoric acid so it can
be used to remove rust from vehicles if
there's rust on your car it won't just
make your vehicle look dated
it can also weaken the structure for the
best results use a crumpled piece of
aluminum foil drench it with coke and
rub the rust off alternatively you can
use a cloth or kitchen sponge make sure
you use the soft part of the sponge for
areas that might scratch easily
wear gloves if you want to keep your
hands from getting sticky now you can
avoid spending more money on a rust
remover liquid number four use a plunger
for dents having a big dent in your car
might require you to take it to a
mechanic after all you can't just push
the dent from the inside of the car and
try to fix it but fixing a small dent is
a walk in the park with a handy plunger
proving that they are multifunctional
tools that don't just belong in the
bathroom a plunger will suck the dent
back into its original position
put some water on the plunger and the
dent and place the plunger against the
dent then pull and push until the dent
pops back into place be sure to use a
cup plunger which is used for sinks over
a flange toilet plunger
number three use cardboard to escape
snow getting stuck in a snowbank can
make anyone feel desperate you might
attempt to get out with no luck to avoid
this situation when winter arrives keep
a piece of cardboard in your car's trunk
at all times if you get stuck you can
put the cardboard close to the tires and
it will help you get out if you forget
the cardboard take out the car's mats
and use them instead you can also use
that kitty litter you learned about
earlier just dump it by the wheels to
create traction number two clean bumper
sticker residue with newspaper
maybe you covered your car and bumper
stickers when you were younger but now
you don't really like the look or
perhaps your interests have changed for
whatever reason
removing bumper stickers can be quite a
challenge and it can leave unwanted
residue on your car to remove the
residue dampen a newspaper and cover the
sticker with it leave it on for 15
minutes this will make the residue easy
to remove use a plastic card like a
credit card or library card to remove
any leftover glue just make sure you do
it gently as to not scratch off the
paint number one use a sock to wipe your
windshield a lot of people who have to
do laundry outside their homes lose a
sock at one time or another turn the
situation into an opportunity by using
your remaining sock as a windshield
wiper you can clean the windshield and
the entire car with your sock and you
can also use it for polishing just make
sure the sock doesn't have any rough
edges that could scratch the glass you
can also place socks on your windshield
wipers come wintertime this will prevent
the wipers from freezing and you can
remove the socks when you're ready to
drive so tell us bright ciders what
creative setups do you have for your car
let us know in the comments section
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side
you